mic noise removal (#99)
Picovoice/pico-cookbook: recipes/real-time-microphone-noise-removal/python/README.md

# Real Time Microphone Noise Removal in Python

Create an AI-powered microphone that removes background noise in real time.

This demo records audio from your microphone, saves the original raw audio, processes the same audio through Koala Noise
Suppression, and saves a second noise-suppressed version. You can then compare the two files to hear how Koala removes
background noise while preserving speech.

## Compatibility

- Runs on Linux (x86_64), macOS (arm64, x86_64), Windows (arm64, x86_64), and Raspberry Pi (5, 4, and 3).
- Python>=3.9

## AccessKey

AccessKey is your authentication and authorization token for deploying Picovoice SDKs. Anyone who is using Picovoice
needs to have a valid AccessKey. You must keep your AccessKey secret. You would need internet connectivity to validate
your AccessKey with Picovoice license servers, even though the inference is running 100% offline. Everyone who signs up
for [Picovoice Console](https://console.picovoice.ai/) receives a unique AccessKey.

## Usage

> These instructions assume your current working directory is `recipes/personalized-wake-word/python`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions assume your current working directory is `recipes/real-time-microphone-noise-removal/python`.
```
